How did viewing a diff between 2 versions of a file help see the bug that was introduced?
Rather than manually looking back and forth between 2 files while scanning down the page
to find a difference, diff concisely gives an automated report of what was different,
both additions and subtractions.  In addition to being slow, we may miss a difference in
the manual process.

How could having easy access to the entire file history make you a more efficent programmer
in the long term?
Many times when I change something, I'll comment it out for a while but then delete it.
Then something will break, and I'll want the old code back, and then will recreate that
code from scratch!!!  This allows me to just go get it, copy and paste into current version.

What are the pros and cons of manually committing vs auto commit?
Pros are that we can choose when to make an intelligent commit based on a logical, functional decision.
Auto would have random commits with most having no meaning, and probably too many.  Of course manual
does not force one to make commits, so could forget or go too long without committing.

Why do you think some VCS allow saving multiple files and some only one?
They were probably built for different things.  Google docs is more Word processing or spreadsheet
related tasks which usually do not relate to other files.  Software programs almost always
have multiple related files.

How can I use git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Typing git log gives the list of commits with a description.  When we see the commit we want to investigate,
type git diff with the commit id of the entry below it and then the commit id of the commit
we're interested in.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
We know that no matter what I do to the most recent version of files, we can always checkout the
prior commit to get a clean, working version of code.

How do you want to use Git?
I'd like to put my words Python program under Git version control.  Also want to learn it for future
job opportunities.

